Hero Slider

#1 spotlight

title: Our Last Crusade or the Rise of a New World Season 2

tv, 24m, jul 11, 2024, hd, 10, 8

description:

The second season of Kimi to Boku no Saigo no Senjou, Aruiwa Sekai ga Hajimaru Seisen Iska guards Sisbell, sparking Alice's jealousy. Amid conspiracy, can they thwart personal disputes and war?

#2 spotlight

title: The Brilliant Healer's New Life in the Shadows

tv, 24m, apr 3, 2025, hd, 11, 9, 12

description:

Life hasn't been kind to Zenos. He was born in the slums, and his dirt-poor background has denied him almost every opportunity. After an encounter with a healer, he throws himself into studying to become one and finally catches a break when an adventurer invites Zenos into his party. Zenos is thrilled—so thrilled, in fact, that he's willing to put up with his teammates treating him like garbage. They fail to appreciate his talents and ultimately kick him to the curb, claiming he's outlived his usefulness to them.  Now bereft of money and out of options, Zenos decides to put his self-taught skills to use elsewhere and opens an underground clinic. Word quickly spreads about the brilliant healer working incredible magic in the city's shadowy underbelly. Even the royal palace is taking notice...  Can Zenos buck the odds and carve out a life for himself in a world that's spit in his face? And can he save the lives of the patients who wind up on his doorstep in the process?
                                

#3 spotlight

title: The Beginning After the End

tv, 24m, apr 2, 2025, hd, 11, 9

description:

The story follows the strongest king in history, Grey. Although he possesses unparalleled power, wealth, and fame, there is no one who stands by his side…and he trusts no one. One day, Grey suddenly meets his death and is reincarnated as a powerless infant named Arthur in a world of magic. Surrounded by a loving family and companions, Arthur starts to experience joys in this new life that he never knew in his previous one. However, during a journey, his family is attacked by bandits...  Thus begins his second life, filled with love and adventure!

#4 spotlight

title: The Too-Perfect Saint: Tossed Aside by My Fiancé and Sold to Another Kingdom

tv, 24m, apr 10, 2025, hd, 11, 12

description:

Philia hails from a family renowned for producing generations of saints, and she is no exception. In fact, she is known as the most powerful saint of all time, so extraordinarily gifted that many people find her insufferable. When even her fiancé decides he can't stand her, he suddenly calls off their engagement. He's so eager to never see her again that he sells her off to a neighboring country in dire need of a saint of their own. Now, Philia readies herself to face the unknown, fully expecting more miserable treatment. After all, she'd be a fool to expect anyone to welcome her with open arms...right?

#5 spotlight

title: Lazarus

tv, 24m, apr 6, 2025, hd, 10, 10, 13

description:

The year is 2052—an era of unprecedented peace and prosperity prevails across the globe. The reason for this: mankind has been freed from sickness and pain. Nobel Prize winning neuroscientist Dr. Skinner has developed a miracle cure-all drug with no apparent drawbacks called Hapuna. Hapuna soon becomes ubiquitous... and essential. However, soon after Hapuna is officially introduced, Dr. Skinner vanishes.  Three years later, the world has moved on. But Dr. Skinner has returned—this time, as a harbinger of doom. Skinner announces that Hapuna has a short half-life. Everyone who has taken it will die approximately three years later. Death is coming for this sinful world—and coming soon.  As a response to this threat, a special task force of 5 agents is gathered from across the world to save humanity from Skinner’s plan. This group is called "Lazarus." Can they find Skinner and develop a vaccine before time runs out?

#6 spotlight

title: Can a Boy and Girl Friendship Hold Up? (No, It Can't!!)

tv, 24m, apr 4, 2025, hd, 10

description:

A boy and a girl pledge lifelong friendship in a small town junior high school. The relationship between the two, who are destined to share a common dream, has passed two years without any particular development.  Himari Inuzuka, a bubbly girl who has yet to find her first love, and Yuu Natsume, a plant-loving boy who enjoys flowers, still spend their days peacefully as best friends in the gardening club in the second year of high school.  "If Yuu can't get married, I have to take responsibility." "I'm having trouble now because after Himari said that, your brother began calling me 'My brother-in-law!'"  However, when Yuu reunites with his first crush, the gears of their relationship suddenly go out of sync! Will Himari be able to escape her "ideal friend" now that she has found love?

#7 spotlight

title: The Children of Shiunji Family

tv, 24m, apr 8, 2025, hd, 10, 7

description:

The love between brother and sister. The love between man and woman. That which is most forbidden is most unyielding. The two sons and five daughters of the Shiunji family shine like brilliant gems, each with intelligence and beauty in equal measure. And with the pedigree of their wealthy father behind them, how could they not be the talk of the town? Eldest son Arata has spent his life being tossed around by the whims of his colorful sisters, yet a little teasing won't stop him from valuing his family over anything and anyone else. But when his youngest sister turns fifteen, their father reveals a long-hidden secret of the Shiunji "siblings" and knocks Arata's world off its axis...

#8 spotlight

title: One Piece

tv, 24m, oct 20, 1999, hd, 1132, 1122

description:

Gold Roger was known as the "Pirate King," the strongest and most infamous being to have sailed the Grand Line. The capture and execution of Roger by the World Government brought a change throughout the world. His last words before his death revealed the existence of the greatest treasure in the world, One Piece. It was this revelation that brought about the Grand Age of Pirates, men who dreamed of finding One Piece—which promises an unlimited amount of riches and fame—and quite possibly the pinnacle of glory and the title of the Pirate King.

Enter Monkey Luffy, a 17-year-old boy who defies your standard definition of a pirate. Rather than the popular persona of a wicked, hardened, toothless pirate ransacking villages for fun, Luffy's reason for being a pirate is one of pure wonder: the thought of an exciting adventure that leads him to intriguing people and ultimately, the promised treasure. Following in the footsteps of his childhood hero, Luffy and his crew travel across the Grand Line, experiencing crazy adventures, unveiling dark mysteries and battling strong enemies, all in order to reach the most coveted of all fortunes—One Piece.